you
hey guys it's alana XXX and i am super
excited because i I've got my hey ok so
those of you guys who don't know I have
been wearing this hair for like almost
three months and this is a synthetic wig
and I did this wonderful review on this
hair that I got from my beauty qcom and
I was the link to that last review under
in the description box ok but this hair
this way i got i get my research i
watched a bunch of reviews on it before
i bought it that's what I always see so
if you guys have to type to watch
reviews on the way before you buy it you
might want to do so because I wanted a
long way and I want to no way that had a
lot of parting room so I did my research
on YouTube and found some amazing
reviews on this hair and the one that I
got is what what is this call is hot
ambition and it is I think beautiful it
does not look that great on the box I'm
not gonna lie I was like ooh I don't
know but when I had seen how people had
worn it before I even cut it or salad I
was like oh yeah I could do that and
it's got the bangs and it's already
layered so I'm not the best person at
larynx we just started cutting my own
light hair and as you can see my bangs
are not perfect so um yeah I'm super
excited about this it says it has a
visible part no cut no glue no tape and
if you can see this picture of the cap
that says um from here to here and
everything and that looks like a pretty
good cap this is just a lace front it's
not voice and you can get this in two
colors most people I saw the dinner if
you want it got it in like a blonde like
a like a one be 30 and a whole bunch of
the colors but i just got mine into one
beat um i know a lot of you guys like
Oh Shawny should be colors but I don't
know if I'm ready for colors you know I
feel like sometimes just to a dark for
colors you know so maybe I'll take over
it but this is what it looks like on the
inside and I'm just gonna go ahead and
pick it out and here's this little
picture thing and it says it's curling
iron save up to 400 degrees right there
on the bottom so you do only have a
small ship to part it in and I'm trying
to think about where my bags that way
yeah and this is a side that I wear my
bangs on so we'll have to see about that
cuz my bangs go over here and this is
over here so we don't have to work on
that yeah my kid slips over Italy it
does have combed secombe right here and
a comb right here and a big ol come
right here and has straps and I was
thinking about trying the elastic band
method if any of you guys have tried it
i guess you can comment how that promo
that works cuz i've ever done it before
this is really nice I was not expecting
it to be this long cuz usually all know
I add hair and i know i'm not saying
much but this is really really nice i
like it the ends are getting a little
tangled for me as you can see i'm having
some trouble does have baby hairs in the
back yeah I really like how they have
the place out my front like I have to
really show y'all like see where the
hair starts there is no lace right there
if that's what's up and i will show you
guys what looks like on another video
but this is ambition and remember i'll
put the link to this week and the UM
description box and I've told you did
not even tell you all this way cost me
thirty seven dollars and I don't
remember where I got it but i'll
probably put it right here so i know i
bought it from a different pair website
i usually go to my baby or something
like that but i went to a different
websites they have this one of the
cheapest looks like 30
99 and usually this week is like forty
dollars and up so I guess I saved a
little bit of money and on this i think
i only paid like seven bucks for
shipping so i will get this styled and
whatever and tell you guys ready to
another video hey guys i now have the
unit on this is already been a few days
since i've done the first part of this
video so i've actually been able to wear
this hair out and you know tell you guys
my final thoughts on this hair i'm going
to make it quick because i don't want
this video to be too long but i'm just
going to tell you the pros and cons and
also just kind of bear with me because i
am holding my camera so that you guys
can get a better look at the hair so um
the cons of this hair number one would i
have to say the tangling if i run my
fingers through this hair anything it
tangles extremely fast of a children all
day so I'm in the gym I'm you know with
them doing planned activities and his
hair like tangles so quickly that I have
to carry a brush with me all I've done
so far is just on my finger through this
and I've already had these like little
loops of tangles everywhere it does look
long but you guys are seeing me from a
bird's eye view this hair is probably
only about 20 inches it's not that long
and um it looked like it was longer and
it didn't say the lengths so I was kind
of mad about that it is the worst at the
ends of the nappy Cynthia's the poofy
asst at the ends and it is the thickest
at the ends so I've actually I'd like
razor comb some of this and like kind of
and later this so that the hair didn't
seem straight across like a shelf so
I've done my own layering out if you can
tell it's not that great because i am
not good at cutting hair parting thing
as well the parting space on this wig is
like you can flip it over more this way
like if I want to I can put my finger
through here at macomb flip everything
up here part it you know but I can't do
that anymore over here I wear my bangs
usually to this side and they're on this
side so I kind of don't like how that's
flopped for me excited and get to choose
that and unfortunately there's no more
party space over here
is us and see it has a whole lot of
partying room like it's that much faith
also the ear tabs on this hair just been
bothering me so bad and I really loud I
have teeny little ears and a job can see
that so I don't ever show my kids
because they're so teeny but as teeny as
low as my ears are this year tab is just
pushing down and it had a scar on my air
on that side so it's really irritating
but um all in all this hair is okay I
wouldn't say that it's great so yeah
that's just a little quick review on the
hair I'm not going to do anything
extreme because I've only been wearing
it for a couple days this is a my
initial review but I'm money guys know
now that if you see me within the next
week I'm going to probably have on
different here because I can't do this
every day I'm super busy and I can't
brush this hair every 30 minutes so I
will try another and more hair and I'm
not trying to be me or anything like i
said i bought this hair with my own
money this was not sent to me or
anything so i'm not bashing a company or
anything but i'm just being blunt and
honest with you guys just in case you
guys want to buy this hair you need to
know all the issues it does not have a
lot of shedding i haven't really had any
shedding problems whatsoever it's lost a
few hairs but so does every wig that's
about it and i've been making videos a
lot but i promise i'll get back on the
video train and make a whole bunch for
you guys like i've been doing before I
just had a busy week and I'll fill you
guys in on all that next time but I
hoped you liked this hair of you and I
hope you liked this hair more than i do
and i'll see you guys next time bye